Clarify in-place operations mirror special case behaviour (#299)
data-apis/array-api: spec/API_specification/array_object.md

- `<<=`. May be implemented via `__ilshift__`.
- `>>=`. May be implemented via `__irshift__`.

An in-place operation must not change the dtype or shape of the in-place array
as a result of {ref}`type-promotion` or {ref}`broadcasting`.

> An in-place operation must follow all the functionality of its respective
> standard operation (including special casing), e.g. the resulting array `x1`
> after in-place addition `x1 += x2` would always equal the result of standard
> addition `x1 + x2`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An in-place operation must have the same behavior (including special cases) as
its respective binary (i.e., two operand, non-assignment) operation. For example,
after in-place addition `x1 += x2`, the modified array `x1` must always equal the
result of the equivalent binary arithmetic operation `x1 = x1 + x2`.

```

- `<<=`. May be implemented via `__ilshift__`.
- `>>=`. May be implemented via `__irshift__`.

An in-place operation must follow all the special cases of its respective

> standard operation (e.g. `__radd__` has the same special case behaviour as

Reviewer: This has been resolved.
